Added config option to change app icon sizes in the menu module. (#1350)
JakeStanger/ironbar: docs/modules/Menu.md

| `label`               | `string`                                             | `≡`                                  | Label to show on the menu button on the bar.                                                                                                                            |
| `label_icon`          | `string`                                             | `null`                               | Icon to show on the menu button on the bar.                                                                                                                             |
| `label_icon_size`     | `integer`                                            | `16`                                 | Size of the label_icon image.                                                                                                                                           |

> | `app_icon_size`       | `integer`                                            | `16`                                 | Size of the app icon images.                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: The current description is a bit vague, which to be fair so are the existing ones. Sometihng like this would be better pls:

```suggestion
| `app_icon_size`       | `integer`                                            | `16`                                 | Size of the icon to display in menu entries.                                                                                                                                            |
```

(same for doc comment)
